(chore): storage section feedback (#5917)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib-v1/storage/js/upload.mdx

## Pause and resume upload

> We have callback functions that support resume, pause and cancel of `uploadData`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have callback functions that support resuming, pausing, and cancelling `uploadData` requests. 
```

</Callout>

## Browser uploads

Upload a file in the browser:

```javascript
import { uploadData } from 'aws-amplify/storage'; 

const uploadDataInBrowser = async () => {
		if (event?.target?.files) {

> 			const file = event.target.files[0];

Reviewer: Tabbing off, should use 2 spaces as per style guide

			uploadData({
				key: filename,
				data: file,
			});
		}
	};

<h2>Upload File</h2>
<input
	type="file"
	onChange={() => uploadDataInBrowser(event)}

> />

Reviewer: Should this markup be in a different code snippet since it's not valid Javascript?

Author: Yeah that makes sense.
